PRODDOCS-867: sample-flag (#9334)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/sample-flag.md

Reviewer: This is not only the IDE, right? It's all CLI environments?
```suggestion
Let's say you want to run your `stg_customers` model and build the table in your development schema with a relative time spec sample size of three days. Your CLI command would look something like this:
```

dbt run --select path/to/stg_customers --sample="3 days"
```

If you have an even larger model, for example, `stg_orders`, you can set sample mode to hours:

```
dbt run --select path/to/stg_orders --sample="6 hours"
```

Next, to sample a fixed historical time range instead of a window relative to when the command runs, specify a start and end date or timestamp. For example, to validate data for your entire business during your busiest week in July, from the first until closing time on the eighth:

```
dbt run --sample="{'start': '2024-07-01', 'end': '2024-07-08 18:00:00'}"
```

> To prevent a `ref()` or `source()` from being sampled, append `.render()` to it. For example, you might keep a small dimension table unfiltered while still sampling a large fact table:

Reviewer: The following is not a fct table, but maybe it should be? If so, we should also change the fct in the previous CLI example:

> dbt run --select path/to/fct_orders --sample="6 hours"

> To prevent a `ref()` or `source()` from being sampled, append `.render()` to it. For example, you might keep a small dimension table unfiltered while still sampling a large fact table:

Reviewer: Is this correct? are we adding this jinja to the model's sql file?
```suggestion
To prevent a `ref()` or `source()` from being sampled, append `.render()` in the model's `.sql` file. For example, you might keep a small dimension table unfiltered while still sampling a large fact table:
```

```sql
with

customers as (

    select * from {{ ref('stg_customers').render() }}

),

orders as (

>     select * from {{ source('jaffle_shop', 'orders') }}

Reviewer: make this fct table?

)

select *
from orders
left join customers using (customer_id)
```

> In this example, `orders` is sampled using the `event_time` configured on the `jaffle_shop.orders` source. `stg_customers` is not sampled because `.render()` skips the time filter for that `ref()`.

Reviewer: >`orders` is sampled using the `event_time` configured on the `jaffle_shop.orders

where is this ^ ? I don't see the event_time in the example? Does this happen in the command above it when you build the table using `dbt run --select path/to/stg_orders --sample="6 hours"` [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/9334/changes#diff-162043e58be3974108fc547312cb4852ae145c204cb9b2ae10f9695bd19dc936R52)
 If so, that example uses stg_orders and here we say "orders" should they be the same?
